---
title: 2025/w4
description: hello little one
date: 2025-01-26
tags:
  - weekly
---

on Monday everybody made a nice bowl of chili, and everybody had a good time.
people always tell you to drain and rinse the beans but i like the bean juice, i
mix it half and half with boiling water and make the stock in it. thnick. and a
little television. and i made a [guestbook](https://chee.party/guestbook/), feel
free to sign it. didn't get to sleep so good, and i was sick,

but the day was good. the cops came to my door at one point and told me somebody
called the cops, i told them nope. went out to town for a brief girlfriend and
handed over the chickpeas. surprisingly good sandwiches in W.H. Smiths meal
deal. didn't know the Strood train passes by home. Z brought gift of lentil
soup. it was delicious. i coughed some more,

and then on Wednesday with the feta and cucumber and a telephone. very sleepy.

but Thursday with its sweet people at work and its visit from the angel, strange
dreams. and also at work, sometimes even when they tell you "it will never be
the number 4" it will be the number <kbd>4</kbd>. and the angel and the pork
meatball stir fry and the gift of ginger and the [little chaos by Orla
Gartland](https://music.apple.com/gb/album/little-chaos/1754400339?i=1754400535).

good long day friday. the other parts have meaning now, or purpose.

and saturday i got my left nose pierced, and Z got the pink ears, and we stopped
by to _Ace & Tate_ and i placed an order for two new faces, and we took bus over
to egyptian restaurant and we had the order so big they moved us to a new table,
and the macarona beschamel and the stuffed pigeon and the soup. is it even a
falafel if it isn't made with broadbeans?

and then sunday, cried in the everyman at a real pain. and the future is warm
and bright like candle light. so sleepy now, finally home. oh i meant to do a
progress update on littlebook but i'm too sleepy, but there is exciting
progress. and you put behind you behind you and you carry on.
