---
title: 2025/w5
description: it's the fifth week and it's nice to be alive
date: 2025-02-02T23:59:59Z
tags:
  - weekly
---

Merry February to all those who celebrate!

My new glasses came in, Ace & Tate Lilys. They have sunglass frames with metal
legs that seem like they'll be more resillient to my lifestyle (of falling
asleep wearing glasses). You can put a regular ol' clear glass prescription in
there, so i got a pair with clear glass and a dark pair with prescription shades
in.

Did a lot of work on my
[automerge-repo-solid-primitives](https://github.com/chee/automerge-repo-solid-primitives)
library. There's a new beta out with a better API and a lot more tests. It works
really well now, I encourage any fans of building apps to try building an app
with it. `pnpm add automerge-repo-solid-primitives@next`. It's in beta right now
until Automerge Repo 2 is out of alpha (any day now).

Work also continues on **pointplace**/**littlebook**, which now has strange and
wonderful powers. An editor can be created inside the app, and sharing a file
will also share the editor used to create the file. If I share a file with you,
you don't just get the file. You also get the program to open the file, and
the program to make new files like it. And you also get the source code, so you
can change how it makes files too.

Tickets came out for J On The Beach and Local-First Conf. I'll see you there.

Very nice days and nights with **birdie**. We went to an IKEA in Grays on
Saturday, which was, in many respects, a day. Sunday market, mixed grill at the
shisha spot. **birdie** made us tasty crunchy dinners and sometimes we went to
the market on Sunday, mixed grill at the shisha spot, or rambling around all
over the town.

Well done to everyone for making it out of January, I didn't know if all of us
would make it this year. Days are growing longer, and nights are coming later,
and the weather's easing up, and everything is sitting right there in the light.

Valentine's Day's all planned. Breakfast at The Syrian Rabbit, lunch at Hugh's
Belfast Kitchen and then home for a movie and to feast on wild fauna and
spaghetti.

Some silly things happened at my job, but that's not really the sort of thing
that goes on the chee.party website where we are now.

I'll finish up now, have to put the cardboard on the outside steps for the
vegetable man, and I have to put this yoghurt in the fridge. Just a little cup
of tea and a glass of water and then we'll give this next week a shake and see
what it does.

Have another little think about biggly winks.
