---
title: 2025/w7
description: leaves in valentina sauce
date: 2025-02-16T23:59:59Z
tags:
  - weekly
---

hello pretty thing

s. pellegrino, san pellegrino, sparkling pellegrino, sobriety pellegrino, salty
pengüino.

the week was gentle, medium octane, chitter-chatter, yap yap.

my neck is sore!

sunday night, last sunday night, was a very nice night. i ate some limequats.
there was more to it than that. more to the night. limequats are very nice.

i made a venison ragu for the 14th. prepared it on the 13th. cooked low for
several hours. best ragu i ever made. cooked for hours and hours. then into the
fridge and out to the $br-wn corner for to prepare for the m-rning.

&plus; in the morning we walked to imad's syrian kitchen for breakfast, which
was very wonderful and flavoursome and gentle and there was nobody else around.
later there was lunch at the yellow bittern which was like dinner at grandma
kitty's house. i'd like to make a big pie for everyone, too. the mashed potato
was butter yellow. if i go again i'll ask where is the champ.

&plus; at night we set the projector up to point at the whiteboard and watched
lady + the tramp (live action) and cried. it turns out two restaurants in 3
hours is too much. we threw up skipped the ragu. but it made a great breakfast
(the ragu) with lots of pecorino.

&plus; then in the morning it was the airport. went off without a hitch (thanks
for the help, abdullahi). i got home and went to bed for the rest of the
weekend.

wish i had a dog
